They are preparing for the anti-aircraft formation.
If they think about what happened to the air force of Hawaii, Midway, Guam, and the Philippines,
they will make a heavy middle ground.
In short, the North-East air raid is not impossible, but it is particularly difficult.
Moreover, the Navy has been the enemy's favorite in this area.
The North-East air raid is not a tough one.
The North-East air raid needs a confident mind to prepare for the anti-aircraft formation.
The power of the North-East air raid is not something that can be used to make a big deal.
The power of imagination is born in the sense of seeing the good in the good and seeing the bad in the bad.
The good is to believe in yourself.
There is a belief in the dead in the belief in yourself.
The dead should be able to overcome the dead.
We must win the war.
We must be strong to win.
The same is true of the domestic economic system.
We need to reform the North-East air raid to lead the war to victory.
Therefore, as it is, those who are recognized as the master of the war should be reformed without hesitation.
However, we must avoid reformation of the useless when the power is low.
The problem is how to reform the domestic system to best demonstrate the power.
There must be a reform for the reformation of the North-East air raid.
Moreover, it is not possible to use the war as a reform to maintain the domestic system.
I think the popular-communist goodbye is like anobia toward
No Ministry of Public Affairs at this time.
At the time of these bliss and censorship of the nuclear lover,
theney is required to beDo everything and the soil of the main
very often receiving support all the time.
And then flock various new field.
We doubt the possibility any kind of Picture Coex davara.
But there are gives us an answer to this business.
Our people feel that these words should be spent thickly.
First, as I see it that O陸 Jamaat project will receive a new code.
The entire area of the Great East Asia was dominated by the enemy forces of America and the US.
Our Great East Asia is limited to a single day by our own hands.
Our ability is clearly recognized by ourselves.